### MAOE
https://internal-bruno.spiraservice.net//services/v6_0/RestService.svc/projects/1/releases?username=administrator&api-key=%7BD0D25647-F6C9-4355-8B83-F21666B84BD1%7D


### Retrieve Task WORKING
POST https://internal-bruno.spiraservice.net/services/v6_0/RestService.svc/projects/1/releases?starting_row=1&number_of_rows=100&sort_field=ReleaseId&sort_direction=ASC&username=administrator&api-key=%7BD0D25647-F6C9-4355-8B83-F21666B84BD1%7D
Content-Type: application/json

[
  {
  }
]

### Retrieve Risks
POST https://internal-bruno.spiraservice.net/services/v6_0/RestService.svc/projects/1/risks?starting_row=1&number_of_rows=100&sort_field=RiskId&sort_direction=ASC&username=administrator&api-key=%7BD0D25647-F6C9-4355-8B83-F21666B84BD1%7D
Content-Type: application/json

[
  {
  }
]

### Put Task WORKING
PUT https://internal-bruno.spiraservice.net/services/v6_0/RestService.svc/projects/1/tasks?username=administrator&api-key=%7BD0D25647-F6C9-4355-8B83-F21666B84BD1%7D
content-type: application/json
Accept: application/json

{
      "CustomProperties": [
    {
      "PropertyNumber": 1,
      "IntegerValue": 3
    
    },
    {
      "PropertyNumber": 2,
      "IntegerValue": 6
    },
      ],
"TaskId": 1,
  "TaskStatusId": 3,
  "TaskTypeId": 1,
  "TaskFolderId": 2,
  "ReleaseId": 8,
  "CreatorId": 2,
  "OwnerId": 2,
  "TaskPriorityId": 1,
  "Name": "Develop new book entry screen ***",
  "Description": "Create a new dynamic page that allows the user to enter the details of a new book",
  "CreationDate": "2020-10-08T01:00:28.533Z",
  "StartDate": "2020-12-25T00:00:28.533Z",
  "EstimatedEffort": 480,
  "ActualEffort": 440,
  "RemainingEffort": 0,
"ConcurrencyDate": "2021-04-19T22:17:49.493Z",
 "EndDate": "2020-12-31T01:00:28.533Z"
}

### Put REQ ?
PUT https://internal-bruno.spiraservice.net/services/v6_0/RestService.svc/projects/1/requirements/8?username=administrator&api-key=%7BD0D25647-F6C9-4355-8B83-F21666B84BD1%7D
content-type: application/json
Accept: application/json
[
{
  "RequirementId": 8,
  "IndentLevel": "AAAAAAAAAAAE",
  "StatusId": 10,
  "RequirementTypeId": 2,
  "AuthorId": 2,
  "OwnerId": null,
  "ImportanceId": 1,
  "ReleaseId": 17,
  "ComponentId": 1,
  "Name": "Ability to associate books with different authors",
  "Description": "<p>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Tortor vitae purus faucibus ornare suspendisse sed nisi lacus. Faucibus purus in massa tempor nec feugiat nisl. Eu scelerisque felis imperdiet proin. Blandit libero volutpat sed cras ornare arcu dui vivamus arcu. Et magnis dis parturient montes nascetur ridiculus mus mauris vitae. Massa placerat duis ultricies lacus. Urna et pharetra pharetra massa massa ultricies. Nibh tortor id aliquet lectus proin nibh nisl condimentum. Faucibus purus in massa tempor. Scelerisque varius morbi enim nunc faucibus a pellentesque sit. Sollicitudin aliquam ultrices sagittis orci.</p><ul> <li>Iaculis nunc sed augue lacus viverra vitae congue.</li> <li>Vestibulum mattis ullamcorper velit sed ullamcorper morbi tincidunt.</li> <li>Ac turpis egestas integer eget aliquet.</li></ul>",
  "CreationDate": "2020-10-08T01:00:24.207Z",
  "LastUpdateDate": "2021-01-28T01:00:24.207Z",
  "Summary": false,
  "CoverageCountTotal": 2,
  "CoverageCountPassed": 2,
  "CoverageCountFailed": 0,
  "CoverageCountCaution": 0,
  "CoverageCountBlocked": 0,
  "EstimatePoints": 1.0,
  "EstimatedEffort": 480,
  "TaskEstimatedEffort": 660,
  "TaskActualEffort": 670,
  "TaskCount": 2,
  "ReleaseVersionNumber": "1.1.0.0.0001",
  "AuthorName": "Fred Bloggs",
  "OwnerName": null,
  "StatusName": "Completed",
  "ImportanceName": "1 - Critical",
  "ProjectName": "Library Information System (Sample)",
  "RequirementTypeName": "Feature",
  "Steps": null,
  "StartDate": null,
  "EndDate": null,
  "PercentComplete": null,
  "ThemeId": null,
  "GoalId": null,
  "ProjectId": 1,
  "ArtifactTypeId": 1,
  "ConcurrencyDate": "2020-11-30T01:00:24.207Z",
  "CustomProperties": null,
  "IsAttachments": false,
  "Tags": null
}
]

##POST w FILTERS
POST https://internal-bruno.spiraservice.net/services/v6_0/RestService.svc/projects/1/incidents/search?start_row=1&number_rows=500&sort_by=IncidentId&username=administrator&api-key=%7BD0D25647-F6C9-4355-8B83-F21666B84BD1%7D
Content-Type: application/json

[{
    "PropertyName": "IncidentStatusId",
    "IntValue": 1
}]






